Add shingle token filter docs (#8398)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _analyzers/token-filters/index.md

`predicate_token_filter` | N/A | Removes tokens that don’t match the specified predicate script. Supports inline Painless scripts only.
`remove_duplicates` | [RemoveDuplicatesTokenFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/miscellaneous/RemoveDuplicatesTokenFilter.html) | Removes duplicate tokens that are in the same position.
`reverse` | [ReverseStringFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/reverse/ReverseStringFilter.html) | Reverses the string corresponding to each token in the token stream. For example, the token `dog` becomes `god`.

> [`shingle`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/shingle/) | [ShingleFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/shingle/ShingleFilter.html) | Generates shingles of lengths between `min_shingle_size` and `max_shingle_size` for tokens in the token stream. Shingles are similar to n-grams but apply to words instead of letters. For example, two-word shingles added to the list of unigrams [`contribute`, `to`, `opensearch`] are [`contribute to`, `to opensearch`].

Reviewer: "apply to" => "are generated from"?

Reviewer 2: I can change to "are generated using"

> [`shingle`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/shingle/) | [ShingleFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/shingle/ShingleFilter.html) | Generates shingles of lengths between `min_shingle_size` and `max_shingle_size` for tokens in the token stream. Shingles are similar to n-grams but apply to words instead of letters. For example, two-word shingles added to the list of unigrams [`contribute`, `to`, `opensearch`] are [`contribute to`, `to opensearch`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[`shingle`]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/token-filters/shingle/) | [ShingleFilter](https://lucene.apache.org/core/9_10_0/analysis/common/org/apache/lucene/analysis/shingle/ShingleFilter.html) | Generates shingles of lengths between `min_shingle_size` and `max_shingle_size` for tokens in the token stream. Shingles are similar to n-grams but are generated using words instead of letters. For example, two-word shingles added to the list of unigrams [`contribute`, `to`, `opensearch`] are [`contribute to`, `to opensearch`].
```
